Fixes #1937 plus copy edits (#1977)
redis/redis-doc: docs/manual/admin.md

]
---

## Redis setup tips

### Linux

* Deploy Redis using the Linux operating system. Redis is also tested on OS X, and from time to time on FreeBSD and OpenBSD systems. However, Linux is where most of the stress testing is performed, and where most production deployments are run.

* Set the Linux kernel overcommit memory setting to 1. Add `vm.overcommit_memory = 1` to `/etc/sysctl.conf`. Then, reboot or run the command `sysctl vm.overcommit_memory=1` to activate the setting.

* To ensure the Linux kernel feature Transparent Huge Pages does not impact Redis memory usage and latency, use this command:

`echo never > /sys/kernel/mm/transparent_hugepage/enabled`

### Memory

> * Set up as much swap as memory in your system. If Linux does not have swap set up, and your Redis instance accidentally consumes too much memory, Redis can crash when it is out of memory, or the Linux kernel OOM killer can kill the Redis process. When swapping is enabled, you can detect latency spikes and act on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensured that swap is enabled and your swap file size is equal to amount of memory on your system. If Linux does not have swap set up, and your Redis instance accidentally consumes too much memory, Redis can crash when it is out of memory, or the Linux kernel OOM killer can kill the Redis process. When swapping is enabled, you can detect latency spikes and act on them.
```
